Improve Fragment Requirement Hints Translation (#45)
07th-mod/matsuribayashi: Data/fragmentdata.txt

	{
		"Id":4,
		"Title":"Research is going well",

> 		"Description":"An L5 stage patient's dissection is required.\nQueen carrier must be willing to participate.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"Description":"An L5 stage patient's dissection is required.\nQueen carrier must be cooperative.",
```

Reviewer: Not sure if the wording I used is what orian intended here.

Reviewer 2: That one's the same as the one under, I meant "Cooperation from the queen carrier is required." Queen carrier isn't a name so it's weird to use it as such.

Reviewer: ok, I changed it to the same as number 10, "Cooperation from the queen carrier is required."

Reviewer: For reference, the phrasing used in the fragment is "Rika is willing to help"

https://github.com/07th-mod/matsuribayashi/blob/89ed4b2dd1c425ebca24889979de4a3eba3f31de/Update/_kakera07.txt#L829

	{
		"Id":10,
		"Title":"At a quarry in Yagouchi",

> 		"Description":"Willingness to help from the queen carrier is required.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"Description":"Cooperation from the queen carrier is required.",
```

Reviewer: For reference, the phrasing used in the fragment is "Rika is willing to help"

https://github.com/07th-mod/matsuribayashi/blob/89ed4b2dd1c425ebca24889979de4a3eba3f31de/Update/_kakera07.txt#L829

Reviewer: Actually I linked the wrong fragment, the actual wording in fragment 12 is "I'm willing to participate"

https://github.com/07th-mod/matsuribayashi/blob/714015600b14fb7270b5b9917b7e9a4a867bf098/Update/_kakera12.txt#L878

	{
		"Id":12,
		"Title":"Requesting assistance from a queen",

> 		"Description":"The research needs to have hit the first snag.\nInstructions for the kidnapping operation of the Minister's grandson are required.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"Description":"The research needs to have stagnated for weeks.\nInstructions for the kidnapping operation of the Minister's grandson are required.",
```

Reviewer: For reference, the phrasing used in the fragment is "having its first snag"

https://github.com/07th-mod/matsuribayashi/blob/89ed4b2dd1c425ebca24889979de4a3eba3f31de/Update/_kakera18.txt#L267
